Overall doc review (#366)
mozilla/firefox-data-docs: src/concepts/pipeline/gcp_data_pipeline.md

PubSub **Decoded** topic.

A failure in any of these steps results in messages being sent to the **Errors** sink.
This separates invalid data from valid data, while still making it available for
monitoring and debugging.
This is a good way to keep an eye on the health of the pipeline and the data
flowing through.

# Data Warehouse

Decoded data is ultimately written out to BigQuery, which acts as the data warehouse.

By this time, incoming data has already been validated against the corresponding
JSONSchema specification for each document type.
Part of the decoding process above transforms this JSON structure into something
more easily represented in BigQuery.
One important transformation here is to convert all incoming fields from
`UPPER CASE` or `camelCase` to `snake_case`.
Another important transformation is to incorporate metadata about known probes
and metrics to generate more complete schemas.

This is handled by a combination of the decoder above, the [schema transpiler]
and the [schema generator].
The result are tables that contains SQL-friendly field names for all known
measures, as implemented in the [probe scraper].

> A Dataflow job reads from the Decoded topic and writes out to **[Live tables]**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A Dataflow job reads from the Decoded topic and writes out to **[live ping tables]**.
```

These tables are updated frequently, and typically reflect data within a few
minutes of it being ingested. They are optimized for accessing recent data,

> but do not contain all of history.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
but are only guaranteed to contain a few days of history.
```

> For older data, data is also stored in **[Stable tables]**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Historical raw ping data is stored in **[historical ping tables]**, also known as **stable tables**.
```

These tables include only completed days of data, are populated once a day
shortly after midnight UTC.
Data in the Stable tables is partitioned by day, and optimized for accessing
larger time periods. It is also optimized for limiting analysis to a fraction

> of the data using the `sample_id` field.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
of the data using the `normalized_channel` and `sample_id` fields.
```

[probes]: ../../datasets/new_data.md
[collection policy]: https://wiki.mozilla.org/Firefox/Data_Collection
[subsessions]: https://firefox-source-docs.mozilla.org/toolkit/components/telemetry/telemetry/concepts/sessions.html#subsessions
[main ping]: https://firefox-source-docs.mozilla.org/toolkit/components/telemetry/telemetry/data/main-ping.html
[ping types]: https://firefox-source-docs.mozilla.org/toolkit/components/telemetry/telemetry/concepts/pings.html#ping-types
[create their own ping types]: https://firefox-source-docs.mozilla.org/toolkit/components/telemetry/telemetry/collection/custom-pings.html
[API]: https://dxr.mozilla.org/mozilla-central/rev/6a23526fe5168087d7e4132c0705aefcaed5f571/toolkit/components/telemetry/TelemetryController.jsm#202
[submit]: https://firefox-source-docs.mozilla.org/toolkit/components/telemetry/telemetry/concepts/submission.html#submission
[Airflow]: https://github.com/mozilla/telemetry-airflow/
[TMO]: https://telemetry.mozilla.org/
[re:dash]: https://sql.telemetry.mozilla.org/
[STMO]: https://sql.telemetry.mozilla.org/
[Spark]: ../../tools/spark.md
[Accessing BigQuery]: ../../cookbooks/bigquery.md
[taar]: https://github.com/mozilla/taar

> [MC]: https://data-missioncontrol.dev.mozaws.net

Reviewer 2: Should be https://missioncontrol.telemetry.mozilla.org

Author: d'oh, awesomebar fail. will fix.
